BIgMAG compatibility (#861)
nf-core/mag: docs/usage.md

This feature was removed in version 5.0.0 to strengthen the pipeline's focus on metagenome assembly and binning.

If you require taxonomic profiling of raw reads, we recommend using [nf-core/taxprofiler](https://nf-co.re/taxprofiler/), which is specifically designed for taxonomic profiling of raw reads and supports a wide range of tools for this purpose.

## BIgMAG compatibility

> With the parameter `--generate_bigmag_file` a local module will be triggered to generate one and unique file that contains the ouput from all of the bin-quality tools. Please note that it requires the parameters `--run_gunc` and `--run_checkm2` during the pipeline launching. GTDB-Tk2 and BUSCO default execution should be also enabled. The file `bigmag_summary.tsv`located at `GenomeBinning/BIgMAG` in the output directory can be used directly for the application [BIgMAG](https://github.com/jeffe107/BIgMAG), after the proper installation in their local environment. This is the only file they need to run the BIgMAG dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the parameter `--generate_bigmag_file` a module will be triggered to generate a file that contains the output from all of the bin-quality tools that can be uploaded to the [BIgMAG](https://github.com/jeffe107/BIgMAG) dashboard.
Please note that it generating this file requires the parameters `--run_busco`,  `--run_gunc` and `--run_checkm2`, and GTDBTk should be executed (i.e., not skipped) . 
The file `bigmag_summary.tsv` located at `GenomeBinning/BIgMAG` is the only file they need to run the BIgMAG dashboard.
```
